✨(forum) add mentions in editor for active users in current topic (#159)
openfun/ashley: CHANGELOG.md

 - add frontend test for draft-js editor
 - add a ribbon icon when an instructor is the writer of a post or a topic

>  - add feature in draftjs editor to mention any active user in the current topic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - add feature in AshleyEditor to mention any active user in the current topic
```
I suggest to use the name of our component instead of the technology it's based on.

And BTW, I realize that we should standardize the way we spell `Draft.js` in the Changelog (there is `Draft.js`, `draftjs`, `draft-js`). The official name of the project is `Draft.js`.
